Original Course List and Textbooks
Mathematics
MA 121 Differential Calculus: Calculus: Early Transcendentals by James Stewart

MA 122 Integral Calculus: Calculus: Early Transcendentals by James Stewart

MA 123 Series, Vectors, Functions, and Surfaces: Multivariable Calculus by James Stewart

MA 124 Calculus for Functions of Two Variables: Multivariable Calculus by James Stewart

CS 135 Discrete Structures: Discrete Mathematics and Its Applications by Kenneth H. Rosen

MA 222 Probability and Statistics: Probability and Statistics for Engineers and Scientists by Ronald E. Walpole

MA 331 Intermediate Statistics: Introduction to the Practice of Statistics by David S. Moore and George P. McCabe

CS 334 Automata and Computation: Introduction to the Theory of Computation by Michael Sipser

Computer Science
CS 115 Introduction to Computer Science: Introduction to Java Programming and Data Structures by Y. Daniel Liang

CS 146 Introduction to Web Programming and Project Development: Learning Web Design by Jennifer Robbins

CS 284 Data Structures: Data Structures and Algorithm Analysis in Java by Mark Allen Weiss

CS 306 Introduction to IT Security: Computer Security: Principles and Practice by William Stallings and Lawrie Brown

CS 347 Software Development Process: Software Engineering by Ian Sommerville

CS 383 Computer Organization and Programming: Computer Organization and Design: The Hardware/Software Interface by David A. Patterson and John L. Hennessy

CS 385 Algorithms: Introduction to Algorithms by Thomas H. Cormen, Charles E. Leiserson, Ronald L. Rivest, and Clifford Stein

CS 392 Systems Programming: Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment by W. Richard Stevens and Stephen A. Rago

CS 423 Senior Design I: Project-based course—typically no specific textbook used

CS 424 Senior Design II: Project-based course—typically no specific textbook used

CS 442 Database Management Systems: Database System Concepts by Abraham Silberschatz, Henry F. Korth, and S. Sudarshan

CS 443 Database Practicum: Likely uses the same textbook as CS 442

CS 485 Societal Impact of Information Technologies: The Second Machine Age by Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee

CS 492 Operating Systems: Operating System Concepts by Abraham Silberschatz, Peter B. Galvin, and Greg Gagne

CS 496 Principles of Programming Languages: Concepts of Programming Languages by Robert W. Sebesta

CS 511 Concurrent Programming: The Art of Multiprocessor Programming by Maurice Herlihy and Nir Shavit

CS 522 Mobile Systems and Applications: Mobile Computing Principles by Reza B'Far

CS 546 Web Programming: Programming the World Wide Web by Robert W. Sebesta

CS 548 Enterprise Software Architecture and Design: Software Architecture in Practice by Len Bass, Paul Clements, and Rick Kazman

AI, Cloud Computing, and Machine Learning Courses
CS 541 Artificial Intelligence: Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach by Stuart Russell and Peter Norvig

CS 559 Machine Learning: Fundamentals and Applications: Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning by Christopher M. Bishop

CS 583 Deep Learning: Deep Learning by Ian Goodfellow, Yoshua Bengio, and Aaron Courville

CS 526 Enterprise and Cloud Computing: Cloud Computing: Theory and Practice by Dan C. Marinescu

CS 594 Enterprise and Cloud Security: Cloud Security: A Comprehensive Guide to Secure Cloud Computing by Ronald L. Krutz and Russell Dean Vines

CS 560 Statistical Machine Learning: The Elements of Statistical Learning: Data Mining, Inference, and Prediction by Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani, and Jerome Friedman
